please welcome the president of the
cottage this bar promotion good morning
everybody this is such a great turnout I
know that these boys and girls these
young people are excited and anxious to
get on this port out here but I have to
tell you is even more excited than you
guys can ever imagine my dear project
and it wasn't done just by Colombians it
was done by the people of this community
and they did great things to help us
raise over eighty six thousand dollars
was a city of Sierra Vista they saw the
dream and they helped us bring it to
reality so thank you everybody on the
City Council all the workers that made
this happen have a great time out here
everybody one two three
well they have lots of half lights and
they have like a jump so
it has nice ledges you Quran it's a lot
of fun as three people here it's awesome